Welcome to the mapping and SLAM module where you will learn how
robots build map of their environment and how they perform SLAM,
which is Simultaneous Localization and Mapping.
You've already learned localization. So, you're halfway there.
And after learning mapping,
we believe that you'll be well-prepared to take on
a bigger challenge of Simultaneous Localization and Mapping.
Erika will be joining us in this module to go
into more detail regarding mapping and SLAM.
Hello.
I'm so excited to be joining you.
As you recall, in localization,
the robot is provided the map of its environment.
The robot also has access to its movement and
sensor data and using the three of these together,
it must estimate its pose.
But what if map of the environment doesn't exist?
There are many applications where there isn't a known map,
either because the area is unexplored or
because the surroundings change often and the map may not be up to date.
In such a case,
the robot will have to construct a map.
This leads us to robotic mapping.
Mapping assumes that a robot knows its pose,
and as usual, has access to its movement and sensor data.
The robot must produce a map of the environment
using the known trajectory and measurement data.
However, even such a case can be quite uncommon in the real world.
Often, you neither have a map nor know the robot's pose.
This is where SLAM comes in.
With access only to robot's own movement and sensory data,
the bot must build a map of its environment while
simultaneously localizing itself relative to the map.
We never said that building the foundation for autonomous robots is easy.
But we do think that after working through these upcoming lessons,
you will be able to grasp these concepts and apply mapping and SLAM algorithms yourself.